README.md, before:

# Reconciliation Service

This service is used to identify unmatched and discrepant transactions between internal data (system transactions) and external data (bank statements).

The tech stack used for this services are:

- Golang version 1.23.0
- PostgreSQL 14.8
- Google Cloud Storage (optional)

**Table of Content:**

- [How To Run](#how-to-run)
  - [Setup Environment](#1-setup-environment)
  - [Setup Database](#2-setup-database)
  - [Run API](#3-run-api)
  - [Run Reconcile Job](#4-run-reconcile-job)
  - [Create Docker Container](#5-create-docker-container-for-deployment)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Get List Reconcile Job](#get-reconciliation-list)
  - [Get Reconcile Job By ID](#get-reconciliation-job-request-by-id)
  - [Create Reconcile Job](#create-reconciliation-job-request)
  - [Process Reconcile Job](#reconciliation-job-process)

## How to run

### 1. Setup environment

Copy file `env.sample` to `.env`

```shell
cp env.sample .env
```

Fill all required configuration needed.

```text
ENV=development

DB_HOST=localhost # your database host
DB_PORT=5432 # your database port
DB_USER= # your database user
DB_PASS= # your database password
DB_NAME= # your database name

SERVER_PORT=8080 # server API port

USE_LOCAL_STORAGE=true # use local storage as file storage
LOCAL_STORAGE_DIR=/temp_storage # dir location to store uploaded csv files, currently would use path $CWD/$LOCAL_STORAGE_DIR

# This GCS Config would not be used if USE_LOCAL_STORAGE value is true
GCS_KEY_JSON= # GCS Secret Key JSON to access Bucket
GCS_BUCKET= # GCS Bucket Name
GCS_PROJECT_ID= # GCS Project ID to store the file
```

### 2. Setup database

Please make sure you have PostgreSQL 14.8 installed and `golang-migrate` CLI for PostgreSQL is installed.

To Install `golang-migrate` CLI:

```shell
go install -tags 'postgres' github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/v4/cmd/migrate@v4.17.1
```

(Optional)
If you want to use dockerized PostgreSQL, you can setup it by using these command.

```shell
docker pull postgres:14.8-alpine3.18 # pull docker image
docker run --name postgres14 -d -p 5432:5432 -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your_password -e POSTGRES_USER=your_user postgres:14.8-alpine3.18 # run docker image postgres14
```

If the database is already started, run this to setup the database:

```shell
make setup-db
```

To run the DB Migration individually:

```shell
make migrate-up
```

If you need to rollback the database, you can use this command:

```shell
make migrate-down
```

### 3. Run API

To run API Server

```shell
make run
# or
go run cmd/api/main.go
```

### 4. Run Reconcile Job

To run reconcile processer job

```shell
make run-job
#or
go run cmd/reconcile-job/main.go
```

### 5. Create Docker Container for Deployment

To create docker container for deployment API

```shell
make docker.api
```

To create docker container for deployment Reconcile Job

```shell
make docker.reconcile-job
```

To try running your docker container deployment API

```shell
docker run --rm --name recon-api -p 8080:8080 --env-file .env --platform=linux/amd64 delly/amartha-recon-api:demo-amd64
```

To try running your docker container deployment Reconcile Job

```shell
docker run --rm --name recon-job --env-file .env --platform=linux/amd64 delly/amartha-recon-job:demo-amd64
```

If you want to run via dockerized application, make sure you have configure the file storage to use GCS Bucket since local storage would not shared the file to each container, unless you configure the directory of uploaded file to be shared between container.

## Documentation

### Get Reconciliation List

![get reconciliation list image](https://www.planttext.com/api/plantuml/png/XSz13e9030NGVK_nBq0aBaaqI50shemUOCI9rjGPCbF2zHqqId3Zkg__jsLK4xH_21ghEDZMkvQ5ZR9ts7DKxCGFHCegzeyvHHkGhTzYqt61Pdl48imM8dt68wsh0jSKQaJmShZxSwIwGZOB2bRxu7xPb9JmsFw5opp7m7gRD2GTIbHQTqdVhfu0)

Path: `/reconciliations?limit=10&offset=0`<br/>
Method: `GET`<br/>
Query Params:

- limit (integer)
  - min: 1
  - max: 100
- offset (integer)
  - min: 0

Response:

Success: Status Code 200 (OK)

```json
{
    "data": [
        {
            "id": 1,
            "status": "SUCCESS",
            "discrepancy_threshold": 0,
            "system_transaction_csv_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307103607000_1pFvighg/Recon test - system_trx (3).csv",
            "bank_transaction_csv_paths": [
                {
                    "bank_name": "BCA",
                    "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307104925000_kLqrbPOp/Recon test - bca_trx (1).csv"
                },
                {
                    "bank_name": "BRI",
                    "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307105323000_pHNa2RG2/Recon test - bri_trx (1).csv"
                }
            ],
            "start_date": "2024-10-01T00:00:00Z",
            "end_date": "2024-11-28T00:00:00Z"
        }
    ],
    "meta": {
        "limit": 10,
        "offset": 0,
        "total": 1
    }
}
```

### Get Reconciliation Job Request by ID

![get reconciliation job request by id](https://www.planttext.com/api/plantuml/png/ZP7BRW8n34Nt-Gh_069KiM9HKSHZZ-YwcZ86Z8AD74SiAluTPqPJ65LgkuWLA_SUFp9BLglbSuGr6cnm9xoZIBMHiASfHuDLb6i8HXRnJzLxGeNHQwTvkz0KriijZ7LWIUElatn-K7CBlQvu5lCf79pVYi4LVYlei9Z3QC1KjApyKrZ7PpUBmLuoDm7WKST1fSbloAIQ18m9duozgU1AxZkod80IN90RueE__OPygIguaXrxuyFL5XeY6s7yBwzhiHiMH05LFHBlHS_jPai9RxsSCFFe7nlk)

Path: `/reconciliations/:id`<br/>
Method: `GET`<br/>
Params:

- id (integer)

Response:

Success:
Status code 200 (OK)

```json
{
    "data": {
        "id": 1,
        "status": "SUCCESS",
        "system_transaction_csv_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307103607000_1pFvighg/Recon test - system_trx (3).csv",
        "bank_transaction_csv_paths": [
            {
                "bank_name": "BCA",
                "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307104925000_kLqrbPOp/Recon test - bca_trx (1).csv"
            },
            {
                "bank_name": "BRI",
                "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307105323000_pHNa2RG2/Recon test - bri_trx (1).csv"
            }
        ],
        "discrepancy_threshold": 0,
        "error_information": "",
        "result": {
            "total_transaction_processed": 14,
            "total_transaction_matched": 13,
            "total_transaction_unmatched": 1,
            "total_discrepancy_amount": 2321979252,
            "missing_transactions": [
                {
                    "id": "ABC-136",
                    "amount": 2321231231,
                    "type": "CREDIT",
                    "time": "2024-11-25T02:44:21+07:00"
                }
            ],
            "missing_bank_transactions": {
                "BCA": [
                    {
                        "id": "BCA-132",
                        "amount": 123,
                        "type": "CREDIT",
                        "time": "2024-11-23T00:00:00Z"
                    },
                    {
                        "id": "BCA-133",
                        "amount": 42131,
                        "type": "DEBIT",
                        "time": "2024-11-25T00:00:00Z"
                    }
                ],
                "BRI": [
                    {
                        "id": "BRI-131",
                        "amount": 241231,
                        "type": "CREDIT",
                        "time": "2024-11-18T00:00:00Z"
                    },
                    {
                        "id": "BRI-132",
                        "amount": 222222,
                        "type": "CREDIT",
                        "time": "2024-11-18T00:00:00Z"
                    },
                    {
                        "id": "BRI-133",
                        "amount": 242314,
                        "type": "CREDIT",
                        "time": "2024-11-28T00:00:00Z"
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "start_date": "2024-10-01T00:00:00Z",
        "end_date": "2024-11-28T00:00:00Z",
        "created_at": "2024-11-23T20:58:27.119625+07:00",
        "updated_at": "2024-11-23T20:58:27.119625+07:00"
    }
}
```

Not Found:
Status Code 404 (Not Found)

```json
{
    "message": "reconciliation job not found"
}
```

### Create Reconciliation Job Request

![create reconciliation job request](https://www.planttext.com/api/plantuml/png/RP1B3i8m34JtFeKlKF5PTe5ALNKBed20q1em2WaaBhq-ATz4OcF9dZTZouKNvQI_QDnGQqsejvwyOAtj020iclugEqyEiyLBMruvn_MgsUB4ZNtBcfMmDHu--iZMhAaHwzIHSlJgJdW84uZ6c4MHYRSgtvRd0ZpRlOUgJFWyQD8xyqEGkoWaeEFLNsm-dU70SafvACXquH_m0000)

Path: `/reconciliations`<br/>
Method: `POST`<br/>
Form Data:

- start_date (date)
- end_date (date)
- system_transaction_file (file)
- discrepancy_threshold (float) - in percentage
  - Min: 0
- bank_names (string) - can be multiple
- bank_transaction_files (file) - can be multiple

Sample CSV file can be found under directory `test/data`

cURL example:

```shell
curl --location 'localhost:8080/reconciliations' \
--form 'start_date="2024-10-01"' \
--form 'end_date="2024-11-28"' \
--form 'system_transaction_file=@"/path/to/system/file.csv"' \
--form 'bank_names="BCA"' \
--form 'bank_transaction_files=@"/path/to/bca/file.csv"' \
--form 'bank_names="BRI"' \
--form 'bank_transaction_files=@"/path/to/bri/file.csv"' \
--form 'discrepancy_threshold="0.1"'
```

Response:

Success:
Status Code 201 (Created)

```json
{
    "data": {
        "id": 1,
        "status": "PENDING",
        "system_transaction_csv_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307103607000_1pFvighg/Recon test - system_trx (3).csv",
        "bank_transaction_csv_paths": [
            {
                "bank_name": "BCA",
                "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307104925000_kLqrbPOp/Recon test - bca_trx (1).csv"
            },
            {
                "bank_name": "BRI",
                "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307105323000_pHNa2RG2/Recon test - bri_trx (1).csv"
            }
        ],
        "discrepancy_threshold": 0,
        "error_information": "",
        "result": null,
        "start_date": "2024-10-01T00:00:00Z",
        "end_date": "2024-11-28T00:00:00Z",
        "created_at": "2024-11-23T20:58:27.119625+07:00",
        "updated_at": "2024-11-23T20:58:27.119625+07:00"
    }
}
```

Invalid Params: Status Code 400 (Bad Request)

```json
{
    "message": "bank names and bank transaction files length must be same"
}
```

### Reconciliation Job Process

![reconciliation job process](https://www.planttext.com/api/plantuml/png/ZL513i8m3Blt5Vx0Fh03cc3Ym94VT5q6GwMPsbJmVB9nO1i8k5HAxDY9MoMnKVBLuqYEW-izuS0DzfvlnaWlMdz2fjukSXXRnGRrjiI91DPxn173XPjawYqAHUViKd79CQofrWi2ppl0qkLDYEwz6FA9PbFeE8TMPptpe4K4MNT-4HHPwwvbXyYEKlenCrwSXzRAp1sQfkG4OQJi9X5TeBEQNJk9VClZATOkR6awvQyOb6agVVKlpGC0)

Why separate the process from the API Service, the reason is for better scalability, since the file size of the CSV may vary, it's better to run possible long running process to asynchrounous mechanism using Cron Job or Event Driven, so it would not blocking user experience.

This flow is a Cron Job that can be configured to run every 5 minutes.
The reason why I choose Cron Job instead of Event Driven approach is for the sake of simplicity of the project, if the requirement needs is to process reconciliation in near real time, then it would be better to consider using Event Driven approach like Google PubSub, Apache Kafka, RabbitMQ, etc.

Commit message:

add documentation to generate repo and mock

README.md, after:

# Reconciliation Service

This service is used to identify unmatched and discrepant transactions between internal data (system transactions) and external data (bank statements).

The tech stack used for this services are:

- Golang version 1.23.0
- PostgreSQL 14.8
- Google Cloud Storage (optional)

**Table of Content:**

- [How To Run](#how-to-run)
  - [Setup Environment](#1-setup-environment)
  - [Setup Database](#2-setup-database)
  - [Run API](#3-run-api)
  - [Run Reconcile Job](#4-run-reconcile-job)
  - [Create Docker Container](#5-create-docker-container-for-deployment)
- [Development](#development)
  - [Generate Repository](#generate-repository)
  - [Generate Mock](#generate-mock)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Get List Reconcile Job](#get-reconciliation-list)
  - [Get Reconcile Job By ID](#get-reconciliation-job-request-by-id)
  - [Create Reconcile Job](#create-reconciliation-job-request)
  - [Process Reconcile Job](#reconciliation-job-process)

## How to run

### 1. Setup environment

Copy file `env.sample` to `.env`

```shell
cp env.sample .env
```

Fill all required configuration needed.

```text
ENV=development

DB_HOST=localhost # your database host
DB_PORT=5432 # your database port
DB_USER= # your database user
DB_PASS= # your database password
DB_NAME= # your database name

SERVER_PORT=8080 # server API port

USE_LOCAL_STORAGE=true # use local storage as file storage
LOCAL_STORAGE_DIR=/temp_storage # dir location to store uploaded csv files, currently would use path $CWD/$LOCAL_STORAGE_DIR

# This GCS Config would not be used if USE_LOCAL_STORAGE value is true
GCS_KEY_JSON= # GCS Secret Key JSON to access Bucket
GCS_BUCKET= # GCS Bucket Name
GCS_PROJECT_ID= # GCS Project ID to store the file
```

### 2. Setup database

Please make sure you have PostgreSQL 14.8 installed and `golang-migrate` CLI for PostgreSQL is installed.

To Install `golang-migrate` CLI:

```shell
go install -tags 'postgres' github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/v4/cmd/migrate@v4.17.1
```

(Optional)
If you want to use dockerized PostgreSQL, you can setup it by using these command.

```shell
docker pull postgres:14.8-alpine3.18 # pull docker image
docker run --name postgres14 -d -p 5432:5432 -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your_password -e POSTGRES_USER=your_user postgres:14.8-alpine3.18 # run docker image postgres14
```

If the database is already started, run this to setup the database:

```shell
make setup-db
```

To run the DB Migration individually:

```shell
make migrate-up
```

If you need to rollback the database, you can use this command:

```shell
make migrate-down
```

### 3. Run API

To run API Server

```shell
make run
# or
go run cmd/api/main.go
```

### 4. Run Reconcile Job

To run reconcile processer job

```shell
make run-job
#or
go run cmd/reconcile-job/main.go
```

### 5. Create Docker Container for Deployment

To create docker container for deployment API

```shell
make docker.api
```

To create docker container for deployment Reconcile Job

```shell
make docker.reconcile-job
```

To try running your docker container deployment API

```shell
docker run --rm --name recon-api -p 8080:8080 --env-file .env --platform=linux/amd64 delly/amartha-recon-api:demo-amd64
```

To try running your docker container deployment Reconcile Job

```shell
docker run --rm --name recon-job --env-file .env --platform=linux/amd64 delly/amartha-recon-job:demo-amd64
```

If you want to run via dockerized application, make sure you have configure the file storage to use GCS Bucket since local storage would not shared the file to each container, unless you configure the directory of uploaded file to be shared between container.

## Development

### Generate Repository

To generate repository, you need to install `sqlc` and `dbgen` so the repository code can be generated based on SQL queries provided in dir `db/queries`. This repository use `sqlc version 1.22.0`. Installation `sqlc` can be read [here](https://docs.sqlc.dev/en/latest/overview/install.html).

Command to generate repository

```shell
sqlc generate
```

### Generate Mock

To generate mock from interface defined, you need to install `mockgen` from `https://github.com/uber-go/mock`.

Command to generate mock

```shell
./bin/generate-mock.sh
```

## Documentation

### Get Reconciliation List

![get reconciliation list image](https://www.planttext.com/api/plantuml/png/XSz13e9030NGVK_nBq0aBaaqI50shemUOCI9rjGPCbF2zHqqId3Zkg__jsLK4xH_21ghEDZMkvQ5ZR9ts7DKxCGFHCegzeyvHHkGhTzYqt61Pdl48imM8dt68wsh0jSKQaJmShZxSwIwGZOB2bRxu7xPb9JmsFw5opp7m7gRD2GTIbHQTqdVhfu0)

Path: `/reconciliations?limit=10&offset=0`<br/>
Method: `GET`<br/>
Query Params:

- limit (integer)
  - min: 1
  - max: 100
- offset (integer)
  - min: 0

Response:

Success: Status Code 200 (OK)

```json
{
    "data": [
        {
            "id": 1,
            "status": "SUCCESS",
            "discrepancy_threshold": 0,
            "system_transaction_csv_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307103607000_1pFvighg/Recon test - system_trx (3).csv",
            "bank_transaction_csv_paths": [
                {
                    "bank_name": "BCA",
                    "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307104925000_kLqrbPOp/Recon test - bca_trx (1).csv"
                },
                {
                    "bank_name": "BRI",
                    "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307105323000_pHNa2RG2/Recon test - bri_trx (1).csv"
                }
            ],
            "start_date": "2024-10-01T00:00:00Z",
            "end_date": "2024-11-28T00:00:00Z"
        }
    ],
    "meta": {
        "limit": 10,
        "offset": 0,
        "total": 1
    }
}
```

### Get Reconciliation Job Request by ID

![get reconciliation job request by id](https://www.planttext.com/api/plantuml/png/ZP7BRW8n34Nt-Gh_069KiM9HKSHZZ-YwcZ86Z8AD74SiAluTPqPJ65LgkuWLA_SUFp9BLglbSuGr6cnm9xoZIBMHiASfHuDLb6i8HXRnJzLxGeNHQwTvkz0KriijZ7LWIUElatn-K7CBlQvu5lCf79pVYi4LVYlei9Z3QC1KjApyKrZ7PpUBmLuoDm7WKST1fSbloAIQ18m9duozgU1AxZkod80IN90RueE__OPygIguaXrxuyFL5XeY6s7yBwzhiHiMH05LFHBlHS_jPai9RxsSCFFe7nlk)

Path: `/reconciliations/:id`<br/>
Method: `GET`<br/>
Params:

- id (integer)

Response:

Success:
Status code 200 (OK)

```json
{
    "data": {
        "id": 1,
        "status": "SUCCESS",
        "system_transaction_csv_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307103607000_1pFvighg/Recon test - system_trx (3).csv",
        "bank_transaction_csv_paths": [
            {
                "bank_name": "BCA",
                "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307104925000_kLqrbPOp/Recon test - bca_trx (1).csv"
            },
            {
                "bank_name": "BRI",
                "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307105323000_pHNa2RG2/Recon test - bri_trx (1).csv"
            }
        ],
        "discrepancy_threshold": 0,
        "error_information": "",
        "result": {
            "total_transaction_processed": 14,
            "total_transaction_matched": 13,
            "total_transaction_unmatched": 1,
            "total_discrepancy_amount": 2321979252,
            "missing_transactions": [
                {
                    "id": "ABC-136",
                    "amount": 2321231231,
                    "type": "CREDIT",
                    "time": "2024-11-25T02:44:21+07:00"
                }
            ],
            "missing_bank_transactions": {
                "BCA": [
                    {
                        "id": "BCA-132",
                        "amount": 123,
                        "type": "CREDIT",
                        "time": "2024-11-23T00:00:00Z"
                    },
                    {
                        "id": "BCA-133",
                        "amount": 42131,
                        "type": "DEBIT",
                        "time": "2024-11-25T00:00:00Z"
                    }
                ],
                "BRI": [
                    {
                        "id": "BRI-131",
                        "amount": 241231,
                        "type": "CREDIT",
                        "time": "2024-11-18T00:00:00Z"
                    },
                    {
                        "id": "BRI-132",
                        "amount": 222222,
                        "type": "CREDIT",
                        "time": "2024-11-18T00:00:00Z"
                    },
                    {
                        "id": "BRI-133",
                        "amount": 242314,
                        "type": "CREDIT",
                        "time": "2024-11-28T00:00:00Z"
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "start_date": "2024-10-01T00:00:00Z",
        "end_date": "2024-11-28T00:00:00Z",
        "created_at": "2024-11-23T20:58:27.119625+07:00",
        "updated_at": "2024-11-23T20:58:27.119625+07:00"
    }
}
```

Not Found:
Status Code 404 (Not Found)

```json
{
    "message": "reconciliation job not found"
}
```

### Create Reconciliation Job Request

![create reconciliation job request](https://www.planttext.com/api/plantuml/png/RP1B3i8m34JtFeKlKF5PTe5ALNKBed20q1em2WaaBhq-ATz4OcF9dZTZouKNvQI_QDnGQqsejvwyOAtj020iclugEqyEiyLBMruvn_MgsUB4ZNtBcfMmDHu--iZMhAaHwzIHSlJgJdW84uZ6c4MHYRSgtvRd0ZpRlOUgJFWyQD8xyqEGkoWaeEFLNsm-dU70SafvACXquH_m0000)

Path: `/reconciliations`<br/>
Method: `POST`<br/>
Form Data:

- start_date (date)
- end_date (date)
- system_transaction_file (file)
- discrepancy_threshold (float) - in percentage
  - Min: 0
- bank_names (string) - can be multiple
- bank_transaction_files (file) - can be multiple

Sample CSV file can be found under directory `test/data`

cURL example:

```shell
curl --location 'localhost:8080/reconciliations' \
--form 'start_date="2024-10-01"' \
--form 'end_date="2024-11-28"' \
--form 'system_transaction_file=@"/path/to/system/file.csv"' \
--form 'bank_names="BCA"' \
--form 'bank_transaction_files=@"/path/to/bca/file.csv"' \
--form 'bank_names="BRI"' \
--form 'bank_transaction_files=@"/path/to/bri/file.csv"' \
--form 'discrepancy_threshold="0.1"'
```

Response:

Success:
Status Code 201 (Created)

```json
{
    "data": {
        "id": 1,
        "status": "PENDING",
        "system_transaction_csv_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307103607000_1pFvighg/Recon test - system_trx (3).csv",
        "bank_transaction_csv_paths": [
            {
                "bank_name": "BCA",
                "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307104925000_kLqrbPOp/Recon test - bca_trx (1).csv"
            },
            {
                "bank_name": "BRI",
                "file_path": "/Users/delly/latihan/paystone/amartha/temp_storage/1732370307105323000_pHNa2RG2/Recon test - bri_trx (1).csv"
            }
        ],
        "discrepancy_threshold": 0,
        "error_information": "",
        "result": null,
        "start_date": "2024-10-01T00:00:00Z",
        "end_date": "2024-11-28T00:00:00Z",
        "created_at": "2024-11-23T20:58:27.119625+07:00",
        "updated_at": "2024-11-23T20:58:27.119625+07:00"
    }
}
```

Invalid Params: Status Code 400 (Bad Request)

```json
{
    "message": "bank names and bank transaction files length must be same"
}
```

### Reconciliation Job Process

![reconciliation job process](https://www.planttext.com/api/plantuml/png/ZL513i8m3Blt5Vx0Fh03cc3Ym94VT5q6GwMPsbJmVB9nO1i8k5HAxDY9MoMnKVBLuqYEW-izuS0DzfvlnaWlMdz2fjukSXXRnGRrjiI91DPxn173XPjawYqAHUViKd79CQofrWi2ppl0qkLDYEwz6FA9PbFeE8TMPptpe4K4MNT-4HHPwwvbXyYEKlenCrwSXzRAp1sQfkG4OQJi9X5TeBEQNJk9VClZATOkR6awvQyOb6agVVKlpGC0)

Why separate the process from the API Service, the reason is for better scalability, since the file size of the CSV may vary, it's better to run possible long running process to asynchrounous mechanism using Cron Job or Event Driven, so it would not blocking user experience.

This flow is a Cron Job that can be configured to run every 5 minutes.
The reason why I choose Cron Job instead of Event Driven approach is for the sake of simplicity of the project, if the requirement needs is to process reconciliation in near real time, then it would be better to consider using Event Driven approach like Google PubSub, Apache Kafka, RabbitMQ, etc.
